oh yeah rivers back again with some cool
tech what I want to show you today is
gaming on the MK 808 Android mini PC so
I went ahead and got an Xbox 360
controller
I got a wired one to have as little lag
as possible but a wireless one if it has
a USB port on the end should work as
well as long as an Xbox controller the
only other thing you'll need is make
sure you have a ROM that supports it it
has to have the X pad Keio file injected
into it I've got the finless 1.5 a ROM
on this MK 2a and it works great with
the Xbox controller I'll put a link in
the description below to the controller
and also to my video on how to install
the 1.5 a ROM so let's load up on live
and then I can show you several
different games this way and the Xbox
controller works great with on live and
the MK 808 seems to have no problem
playing the videos the graphics don't
slow it down at all and I think they
look nice they're not full 1080p but
they look pretty good
so here you can see other people's games
and jump into them if it was your friend
or just strangers games you want to see
how they're playing you can jump into
the game is their first up let's take a
look at the racing game split second so
here I am driving you can steer with the
analog stick and you can use the other
stick to check your rear-view mirror
which is nice and I'm using the triggers
for acceleration and reverse next up we
have osmosis and I just wanted to show
that games that were originally designed
for touchscreen phone can work
especially when they're in on live you
have a lot better chance of them working
and finally we have here dark sliders
too this game plays really well with the
Xbox controller and it feels just like
you're playing on a console this is
perfect for this Xbox controller the
only complaint I have is a certain games
there's a slight bit of lag with the
controller like some of the driving
games but on this game it's nice and
fast and works works great I would say
definitely check out on live I mean you
can play for 30 minutes on
game for free and see if you like it so
it's worth checking into and again you
need to make sure and have a rom that
has the expat kayo file injected into it
on your Android device so I'll put a
link in the description below on how to
install the 1.5 a ROM and a link to the
controller and as always thanks for
watching and Aloha